Nearly two years have passed
since this death game began.
I'm still fighting alone
on the front lines.
Akihiko Kayaba is out there somewhere,
watching this world.
What is he feeling right now?
Guess I'll head home now.
"October 17, 2024"       "Floor 74: Dungeon"
The cowardly past that I'd acknowledged
Still not understanding why,
I stand behind myself, scared
Projecting reality onto today
I've drawn so many skies
This must be my fleeting heart
Out of control
In my dreams, this body soars so high
And it can brush away any fears that cling to me
Asleep inside me, these budding
feelings start to expand
I realize this, weak as I am...
As long as I had you
I could stay strong in this dark world
My heart will dream a long dream forever
I want to always be with you
I'll give you everything I have...
"The Sword Dance of Black and White"
Is that...
"Floor 50: Algade"
Seriously?
"Skull Powder" "Ragout Rabbit Meat"
"Lizardman Skin" "Lizardman Scales"
But this is an S-class rare item!
I've never laid eyes on the
real deal till now either!
Hey, Kirito.
Don't you already have all
the money you need?
Buy it off you? Wouldn't you
rather eat it yourself?
I'd love to eat it.
I'll probably never get
my hands on one again.
In that case...
But who has their cooking
skill high enough
to prepare an item like this?
Right... If we tried,
we'd just burn it...
Kirito...
Chef – captured!
Wh-What?
Hey! How unusual to see you
in a dive like this, Asuna.
It's almost time for
the next boss raid...
...so I just came to see
if you were alive.
I'm on your friend list.
You can tell from that, can't you?
As long as you're alive,
that's good enough.
Anyway, what's going on?
Something about a chef?
Oh, yeah.
What's your current cooking skill?
I maxed it last week.
What?
Amazing, right?
If you're that good,
I have a favor to ask you.
Th-This is a Ragout Rabbit!
I'll trade you.
If you cook it for me,
I'll let you have a bite.
You'll. Give. Me. Half!
O-Okay...
All right!
Sorry...
This means our deal's off.
We're buddies, right? Right?
At least let me taste it too...
I'll write you a report
in 800 words or less.
Oh, come on!
So... where should
I do the cooking?
Well...
You probably don't have any decent
cookware at your place anyway, right?
Just this once,
considering the ingredient,
I wouldn't mind using my place.
That will be all for today.
Thank you for your hard work.
Lady Asuna, you can't let someone of such
dubious background accompany you home.
I don't know about this guy's background,
but his skills are for real.
He's probably at least 10
levels above you, Kuradeel.
You're saying that I'm
inferior to such a guy?
I see...
He's one of those beaters.
Yes, that's right.
Lady Asuna, all they care
about is themselves!
Nothing good will come of being
around someone like him.
What's going on?
That's Lightning Flash Asuna!
You're right! She's really cute!
Just go home for today.
That's an order from
your vice commander.
Hey, are you sure about this?
I'm sure!
"Floor 61: Selmburg"
It's huge, and there's hardly anyone
else around. It's really liberating.
Then why don't you move here too?
Because I'm seriously lacking in funds.
Anyway,
are you really sure about
that guy back there?
I said that I didn't want one,
but our new policy is to provide
bodyguards to the higher-ups.
Before, our guild members were
personally invited by the commander.
We were just a small guild.
But we began getting
more and more people.
When we became known
as the strongest guild,
things started getting weird.
Well, it's not a big deal,
so don't worry about it!
We should hurry, or it'll get dark.
R-Right...
E-Excuse me...
Hey... How much did all this cost?
The room and furniture were
probably around four million Col...
I'm gonna go change,
so have a seat.
O-Okay...
Four million Col.
Four megaCol.
I'm sure I've earned
that much too, but...
How long do you plan to
stay dressed like that?
O-Oh, right...
So this is a legendary
S-class ingredient?
So how do you want it cooked?
Chef's choice, if you please.
Let's see...
Then let's make a stew.
Ragout...
"To stew," as they say, after all!
Normally, there'd be a lot more steps.
But cooking in SAO is
oversimplified. It's boring.
That takes care of the stew!
Okay, I'm gonna make
some side dishes.
I've been here two years,
and this is the first time
I've ever eaten S-class food!
I'm so glad that I've
survived this long.
Yeah...
It's strange...
It kind of feels like I was born
and raised here my entire life.
That's the sense I'm getting.
Lately, there are days I can't
even remember the other world.
And it isn't just me.
These days, fewer and fewer people seem
desperate to clear the game or escape.
Right now, there aren't
even 500 players left
fighting on the front
lines, are there?
Everyone has grown
accustomed... to this world.
But I want to go back.
After all, there are lots of things that
I never got the chance to do there.
Yeah.
We've got to do our best, or we can
never face the merchants and others
who've been supporting us.
Stop it.
What?
Several people with that same look
on their face have proposed to me before.
From the look of things, you aren't
close to any other girls, are you?
It's fine. I'm a solo player.
You don't want to join
a guild, Kirito?
I know the beta players
don't fit in with groups.
But...
Ever since we hit floor 70,
there seem to be more and more
irregularities in the monster algorithms.
There are unforeseeable things
that a solo player can't handle.
And it's not like you can
always warp out.
I keep a solid safety margin.
And besides, in most cases,
party members
are more likely to hinder me,
rather than help.
Oh?
I get it. You're the exception.
Am I?
In that case, party up with me.
It's been forever.
Also, black is my lucky color this week.
What's up with that?
That's easy for you to say, Asuna...
but what about your guild?
We don't have any leveling quotas.
Th-Then what about
your bodyguard?
I'll ditch him.
"Asuna invites you to join her party."
The front lines are dangerous.
F-Fine.
I suppose I should
thank you for today.
Thanks for the meal!
Likewise.
I'd like to say,
"Help me out again,"
but I doubt I'll find
something like that again.
Well! Even normal ingredients can
be finessed if you have the skills.
The way the world is now...
Is this really what Akihiko Kayaba
wanted to create?
"October 18, 2024"       "Floor 74: Calmdet"
She's not coming.
Watch out!
Ow...
What...
...is this?
Ouch.
U-Um... Hey! Good morning, Asuna.
What?
Lady Asuna, it won't do to
have you take such liberties.
Let's return to guild headquarters.
No!
And what were you doing
staking out my house so early
in the morning anyway?
I thought this might happen,
so for the past month,
I've been carrying out my mission
of observing you within Selmburg.
Th-That's not an order from
the guild commander, is it?
My mission is to guard you.
Needless to say, that
includes at your home.
No, it doesn't, idiot!
Please don't be so unreasonable.
Now then, let's return
to headquarters.
Sorry.
I've got your vice commander
reserved for today.
I'll take responsibility
for Asuna's security.
It's not like we're going
on a boss raid today.
You can go to headquarters alone.
Don't mess with me!
A low-level player like you
couldn't possibly protect her!
I am a member of the glorious
Knights of the Blood Oath...
I know I can do a
better job than you.
If you're going to shoot off
your mouth like that,
you're prepared to prove it, right?
"Will you accept duel request?"
"Opponent: Kuradeel"
"Type: 1 vs. 1"
Are you sure?
It's fine.
I'll report this to the
commander myself.
"Normal Mode"
"Time-Limit Mode"
"One-Strike Mode"
Watch carefully, Lady Asuna.
I'll prove there's nobody capable
of protecting you besides myself.
Kirito, the solo player, and a member of the
Knights of the Blood Oath are about to duel!
This'll be fun to watch.
I-Impossible...
W-Wow.
He destroyed the weapon.
Was that deliberate?
If you want to try with another weapon,
I'll be happy to take you on.
But you've had enough,
don't you think?
L-Lady Asuna...
He cheated somehow!
Destroying my sword... there must have
been some kind of trick behind that!
Otherwise, I never would've
lost to a dirty beater like him!
Kuradeel,
I'm ordering you as vice commander
of the Knights of the Blood Oath.
As of today, you are relieved
of your post as bodyguard.
Stand by at guild HQ until you
receive further orders. That is all.
Wh-What?
You...
Teleport: Grandzam.
Sorry... for dragging you
into an unpleasant situation.
No, it's fine.
What about you? Are you okay?
Yes.
I think the guild seems so stifling now
because of my focus on
clearing the game above all...
...and because of the way I've been
forcing the rules on the other members.
But... you had no choice really.
If you hadn't been that way, your guild
would never have gotten this far.
I just mess around as a solo player,
so I have no right to judge.
Still,
even if you decide to take a day off
to party with a slacker like me,
I don't think that anyone would
have the right to complain.
Well, I guess I'll say thanks.
So I'll accept your offer
and take it easy today.
You can play as forward.
W-Wait a second!
Aren't we supposed to
take turns as forward?
I'll do it tomorrow!
"Floor 74: Dungeon"
Fighting in the vanguard is easier
with a skilled person here...
Kirito, we're gonna switch now!
Right!
Kirito, look.
Isn't that...
It probably is.
It's the boss room.
What do we do?
Should we just take a look?
Boss monsters never leave
the rooms they guard.
If we just open the door,
we'll be okay.
R-Right.
Have a teleport crystal
ready, just in case.
Yeah.
Ready? Let's open it.
The tolling of the faraway bells
sounded a little lonely to me
So I tried harder, one more time,
this time soaring higher, all the way up
Neither this reality that just keeps repeating itself
Nor all my wishes, as numerous as the stars
Now that I've found the tomorrow
I should strive for
None of them can overcome these feelings of mine
A world without end, opening up before my eyes
Even if it's no more than a dream
Even if I'm still lost, deep in my heart, it is strong
Echoing forever and ever
Shining softly, ever so softly
Next Time: "The Blue-Eyed Demon."